The people moved swiftly and tidily across the gridded streets to
the equal sized buildings at a fast pace at the commencement of each day, past the circular city hall. At around 7.15am, the town would bloom with bustling people. But it was not bustling as you would know. There were no car accidents, no pushing and shoving of angry people who were late for work and whose spouses cheated on them while they earned money. It was almost like a military formation in which they moved, in synchronous lines across the town, with people artfully moving off almost as fast as they came in. Today was like any other day; by 7.45am, the streets were deserted. Except for one person.
Children normally went to school at the same time as the adults
went to work, strutting along the same roads and breaking off at the local school. But this person, a boy of ten years, lay sprawled on the road outside of his residence, looking up at the sky. Nothing moved bar the clouds far above his aching head. He still had no idea why his head always hurt, why no one ever listened to him when he complained and moaned. So, he just sat there, gazing up at the clouds without a care in the world.
“What brings you here, young one?” he said in a deep voice to
himself.
“I ...” He searched for something to say. “I like the clouds. And… my head hurts.”
“But why does it hurt?” This he said louder, in his own voice. And with that he stood up, breathing heavily.
“WHY DOES IT HURT!” he screamed to the sky in fury. And with that came an agonising pain in his forehead, greater than anything he had experienced before.
On the ground, he opened his eyes and moved his hand to his
forehead slowly, carefully, as if it might explode if he touched it. His fingers met the foreign texture of what seemed to be leather. He frowned in thought. It had been a long time ago he had last touched his forehead, several years in fact, but he still remembered -there was a leather patch over the spot where his head always ached. He had always had the patch there, and had never really thought about it. However, now that he ran his fingers gently across the stiff leather and found the cold pins which attached it to his head, a thought crossed his mind. Maybe it was the patch’s fault. Maybe, after all this time, the darned thing on his head had been the cause of it all. The silence was suddenly split apart like a cannonball ripping through the deck of a ship, all by the footsteps of someone coming down the road towards him. The boy stood up, and saw a grown man walking in his direction, raising his arm- and then everything went dark.
Something was wrong. Something was different. Something had…
changed. The boy could feel it as he began to open his eyes, and then moved his hand towards his forehead.
“I really wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
He was on the floor in a tall room, so ominously dark that he could barely make out the outline of the man standing beside him. But even then he could tell that it was the same person.
“Raymond Adamson, ten, of residence fifteen street eight-four-three, am I correct?” he said, tilting his head questioningly.
“Yes,” the boy said in a small, scared voice.
The man took no notice of his tone and sat down on a nearby chair, flicking a switch as he did so. A small globe showed each other their faces, both glowing slightly in the pale white light. The boy sat up and saw a circular piece of leather on the floor.
“Don’t touch the place where your patch was,” the man said, hiding away the contents of a surgery kit in the darkness. “It’s a bit, well, open, shall we say.”
And then it came to the boy. His head no longer hurt! He felt light and happy and giddy with the absence of the constant throbbing.
“What were you doing this morning out of school?” the man asked sharply.
“Why don’t you have a patch?” the boy shot back at him.
The man chuckled and said darkly:
“That’s a fine question, my little friend. One to which I am trying to find the answer. Please ask anything but that.”
“Who are you?”
“My name is Hauld Denford and that is all I know about me. I have, no memory of parents, of brothers or sisters, or a patch.”
“Why?”
He shrugged, but the boy continued to stare, wondering how he lived not knowing all these things.
“What are you-”
“-doing with my life? Searching, my little friend. Searching for the truth. As long as I can remember, I have been different to everyone else. I do not wake up, join the morning parade to work and the afternoon parade back, eat, sleep and repeat as they do. And for all this time, I thought I was the only one. Until today. Until I saw you on the street. Now tell me, why-”
“Why does everyone do the same thing over and over again, every day?” the boy cut in.
The man sighed and began to smile.
“I don’t know! I have never known, why they do it. But you still have not answered my question. Why were you out of school this morning?”
The boy paused and thought momentarily.
“Because… I had a headache, and well… I just can!” he said.
The man frowned at his response. And then his eyes went as wide as the globe in front of them.
“Because you can! That’s it my little friend! That’s it!”
The boy looked at him blankly.
“Ok,” he said slowing down in his excitement. “In the town hall there’s something called an independence lisck, and it supposedly tells of how everyone in the town is free. I never thought of it, but come on, we need to move!”
He grabbed the boy’s hand and pulled him off the floor. Together, they ran across the dark room and out the door into the blazing sunlight, a few blocks away from the hall. The two sprinted and the boy struggled to keep up, but he pressed on, until they arrived in the town square. Up the stairs and through the doors they burst, until they arrived at the altar in the exact centre of the circular hall.
	Upon the altar lay what you would consider a book, but to them it was the lisck, covered in the same textured leather has his patch had been, the boy thought as he touched it.
“Open it,” said the man breathlessly.
The boy did so, and inside it read:

You have found what you were looking for. The truth. In this book, the last remaining book, is a computer chip which controls the actions of every single person in the town – they are not free, and I know this is inhumane, but we were on the brink of destruction. The rest of the world had fallen, a civil war, turmoil and death – were upon us and we needed any way to survive. You refused to have a patch, but to preserve the security of the society this was made, so that you could find it and by reading the salutation, go back to your default memory setting implanted in your brain. I am so very sorry.
Hauld Denford, Prime Minister of London.
