
In today’s materialistic world, the phrase that ‘money can’t buy happiness’ is tending to be prove incorrect. It is quite obvious that the gap between the privileged and the not is growing into a great divide giving rise to different class and status, thus defining one’s social circle. It should therefore be understood as how an individual’s economic status affects their personal happiness throughout all aspects of life.

The reality itself is cruel yet unavoidably true, that you cannot be fed, educated, sheltered, and you cannot even have any enjoyment or entertainment without some kind of economic support. The modern world has given a price tag to everything, and thus, for many, wealth is indeed the root and ultimate happiness. Social research and surveys have shown results based on an individual’s income, which is dominant in his or her social circle.

Recent study shows in America many rich and popular people donate money to charities and help large number of people that are in need. By helping the people that are in need they gain more happiness. A happiness that is so overwhelming that brings joy of tears to the donor and the recipient. They cannot do that without money. While most people say you don’t need money to be happy. Well, I say that money can buy you happiness. Money can buy you happiness by helping people, you don’t have to worry about your finances and you can also live a somewhat healthy life.

As my last point, Money helps you live with respect. The people who are poor are often disrespected in the society. They need to ask others for money, which indeed does not make a person happy. When you have money, you do not need to go and beg for money, you can still live in the society with respect, in your own house which gives you a lot of satisfaction. I have realized that life changes a lot when you have money, because you are not dependent on anyone else... You can live life like a lion.

In conclusion, I like to give a message to the future citizen of Australia that is here that once you have enough money for your personal need, please consider helping others who are in need because of your money you can obtain a kind of happiness, there is no word to be described. Although it’s true that money doesn’t equal complete fulfillment in life, money can buy you, at the very least, some happiness.
